Overhaul code example guidelines (#28017)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mdn/writing_guidelines/writing_style_guide/code_style_guide/html/index.md

> Don't write out boolean attributes in full; you can just write the attribute name to set it. For example, you can write:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Don't include values for boolean attributes (but do include values for {{glossary("enumerated")}} attributes); you can just write the attribute name to set it. For example, you can write:
```

```html example-good

> <input required></input>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<input required />
```
input doesn't have a closing tag

```

> This is perfectly understandable and works fine; the longer version with the value is supported but not necessary:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is perfectly understandable and works fine. If a boolean HTML attribute is present, the value is true. While including a value will work, it is not necessary and incorrect:
```

```html example-bad

> <input required="required"></input>

Reviewer: same
